[DOCS-7727] Add Keycloak configuration to ACS 7.2 (#1506)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: content-services/7.2/config/keycloak.md

---
title: Configure Keycloak
---

Use this information to install and configure [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/){:target="_blank"} as an alternative to using the [Identity Service]({% link identity-service/latest/index.md %}). Keycloak is responsible for supporting user authentication of other Alfresco software.

The key capabilities of Keycloak include the ability to:

* Enable Single Sign On (SSO) capabilities for Alfresco Content Services and Alfresco Process Services
* Configure user authentication between Keycloak and a Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) provider
* Configure a supported SAML provider to enable Single Sign On (SSO) with an existing identity provider

More information is available about Keycloak covering:

> * An overview of Keycloak architecture is provided in the [Alfresco/alfresco-identity-service](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-identity-service/tree/keycloak-21.1.2_theme-0.3.5){:target="_blank"} GitHub project documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An overview of Keycloak architecture is provided in the [Alfresco/alfresco-identity-service](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-identity-service/tree/keycloak-24.0.3_theme-0.3.5){:target="_blank"} GitHub project documentation.
```
